1.What is Git?
A.Git is the most commonly used version control system today and is quickly becoming the standard for version control. 
  Git is a distributed version control system, meaning your local copy of code is a complete version control repository. 
  These fully-functional local repositories make it is easy to work offline or remotely. 
  You commit your work locally, and then sync your copy of the repository with the copy on the server. 
  This paradigm differs from centralized version control where clients must synchronize code with a server before creating new versions of code.

2.what is devops?
A.DevOps (development and operations) is an enterprise software development phrase used to mean a type of agile relationship between development and IT operations. 
  The goal of DevOps is to change and improve the relationship by advocating better communication and collaboration between these two business units.

3.what is jenkins?
A.Jenkins is an open source automation tool written in Java with plugins built for Continuous Integration purpose.
  Jenkins is used to build and test your software projects continuously making it easier for developers to integrate changes to the project,
  and making it easier for users to obtain a fresh build.It also allows you to continuously deliver your software by integrating with a 
  large number of testing and deployment technologies.

4.what is docker?
A.docker is a tool that can package an application and its dependence in a virtual contianer that can run on linux server etc..
  because docker containers are lightweiht a single or viratual machine can run several container simultaneously.

5.what is docker compose?
A.when ever we want to create multi container architecture we can use docker compose the advantage is reusabuity.docker files are created using yamil

6.what is docker volumes?
A.containers  are ephemeral the dataproccessed by container should be able purshment i.e eventhough the container is delete we should be able to 
  access the data this can be done on docker volumes
            *simple docker volume 
            *docker volume container
7.what is ansible?
A.ansible is an opensource configuration management tool which is created using python.the main mechine where ansible is installed is called as controller.
  the remote mechine that we want to configure are called as managed notes(or)managed hosts.